Add instructions about new services (#340)
alphagov/gsp: components/service-operator/README.md

# Service Operator

We aim for this to be our generic service operator, with a hope for it to be a
provider agnostic one. The reason being, a desire to run the stack locally,
without the worry of providing live database connections to a local deployment.

## Adding new services

> Say you have a desire to add a new service to the mix. We're using a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Say you have a desire to add a new service to the mix. We're using
```

> `kubebuilder` which essentially is our generator for all the things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Kubebuilder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder) as our generator for all the things.
```

> Simply run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, [install Kubebuilder locally](https://book.kubebuilder.io/quick-start.html#installation) and run:
```

Nothing is ever simple in this world.

```sh
kubebuilder create api --group database --version v1beta1 --kind MySQL
...
kubebuilder create api --group queue --version v1beta1 --kind RabbitMQ
```

Where `--group` defines the general nature of the service and `--kind` defines
the engine we'd like to run.

This will generate some `api/`, `config/` and `controller/` files, which you
may want to look into. It usually comes with a nice set of comments, which will

> explain to you, what needs to be done in each section to get to your desired

Reviewer: ```suggestion
explain to you what needs to be done in each section to get to your desired
```

state.

Note, that because it's essentially a generator, for most changes to the

> codebase, you may want to run `make generate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
codebase, you will need to run `make generate`.
```

## PostgreSQL via AWS RDS

Given a configuration file of the form:

```yaml
---
apiVersion: database.gsp.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Postgres
metadata:
  name: postgres-sample
spec:
  aws:

>     diskSizeGB: 100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    diskSizeGb: 100
```

Reviewer: Just noticed this changed in https://github.com/alphagov/gsp/pull/338/files#diff-52d4a1d56351dd58e13bb43410b0c27dR27. This is fine. I thought it was a typo.

# Service Operator

We aim for this to be our generic service operator, with a hope for it to be a
provider agnostic one. The reason being, a desire to run the stack locally,
without the worry of providing live database connections to a local deployment.

## Adding new services

> Say you have a desire to add a new service to the mix. We're using

Reviewer 2: Can we have an ADR about this?

I think there's an interesting and nontrivial decision about new services:

 - we have one operator that handles them all
 - we have separate operators for each (eg postgres-operator, sqs-operator, etc)

My uninformed prejudice is towards the second, so if we're going with the first can we write down why?

Author: See next commit.
